feat(slicing): Map StorageSetKey, partition pairs to Clusters (#3179)
getsentry/snuba: docs/source/architecture/partitioning.rst

valid values of physical partitions are in the range
of ``[0,settings.LOCAL_PHYSICAL_PARTITIONS)``.

Defining partitioned clusters
--------------------------------
To add a cluster with an associated (storage set key, partition) pair, add cluster definitions
to ``settings.PARTITIONED_CLUSTERS`` in the desired environment's settings. Follow the same structure as

> regular cluster definitions in ``settings.CLUSTERS``. In the ``storage_sets`` field, partitioned storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regular cluster definitions in ``settings.CLUSTERS``. In the ``storage_set_partitions`` field, partitioned storage
```

Author: oops, thanks for pointing that out
